kic: add Gateway API HTTPRoute traffic splitting (#4663)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: src/kubernetes-ingress-controller/guides/using-gateway-api.md

This is expected, as Kong does not yet know how to proxy the request.

## Set up an echo service

Set up an echo service to demonstrate how to use the {{site.kic_product_name}}:

```bash

> $ kubectl apply -f {{site.links.web}}/kubernetes-ingress-controller/{{page.kong_version}}/examples/echo-service.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl apply -f {{site.links.web}}/kubernetes-ingress-controller/{{page.kong_version}}/examples/echo-service.yaml
```

```

> ## Add a `GatewayClass` and `Gateway`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add a GatewayClass and Gateway
```
Just changed these to plain text to fit our style guidelines about headers: https://docs.konghq.com/contributing/markdown-rules/#headers

I think we opted for plain text only in headers because the code made it harder to read.

    "type": "IPAddress",
    "value": "10.96.179.122"
  },
  {
    "type": "IPAddress",
    "value": "172.18.0.240"
  }
]
```

> ## Add an `HTTPRoute`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add an HTTPRoute
```

```
{% endif_version %}

After creating an `HTTPRoute`, accessing `/echo/hostname` forwards a request to the
echo service's `/hostname` path, which yields the name of the pod that served the request:

```bash

> $ curl -i http://kong.example/echo/hostname --resolve kong.example:80:$PROXY_IP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl -i http://kong.example/echo/hostname --resolve kong.example:80:$PROXY_IP
```

```

```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=utf-8
Content-Length: 21
Connection: keep-alive
Date: Fri, 28 Oct 2022 08:18:18 GMT
X-Kong-Upstream-Latency: 1
X-Kong-Proxy-Latency: 0
Via: kong/3.0.0

echo-658c5ff5ff-8cvgj%
```

{% if_version gte: 2.6.x %}

> ## Traffic splitting with `HTTPRoute`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Traffic splitting with HTTPRoute
```

`HTTPRoute` contains a [`BackendRefs`][gateway-api-backendref] field, which allows
users to specify `weight` parameters for echo `BackendRef`.
This can be used to perform traffic splitting.

> In order to do so let's deploy a second echo `Service` so that we have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, you can deploy a second echo `Service` so that you have
```

> an second `BackendRef` to use for traffic splitting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a second `BackendRef` to use for traffic splitting.
```

```bach

> $ kubectl apply -f {{site.links.web}}/kubernetes-ingress-controller/{{page.kong_version}}/examples/echo-services.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl apply -f {{site.links.web}}/kubernetes-ingress-controller/{{page.kong_version}}/examples/echo-services.yaml
```

```

> NOTE: This example contains the previous echo `Service` so you may deploy

> > it without deploying the previous example from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> it without deploying the previous example from the
```

> [Set up an echo service](#set-up-an-echo-service) section.

> Having those 2 `Services` deployed we can now deploy our `HTTPRoute` which will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that those two `Services` are deployed, you can now deploy your `HTTPRoute`. This will
```

perform the traffic splitting between them using the weight parameters:

```bash

> $ echo 'apiVersion: gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1beta1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
echo 'apiVersion: gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1beta1
```

kind: HTTPRoute
metadata:
  name: echo
  annotations:
    konghq.com/strip-path: "true"
spec:
  parentRefs:
  - name: kong
  rules:
  - matches:
    - path:
        type: PathPrefix
        value: /echo
    backendRefs:
    - name: echo
      kind: Service
      port: 80
      weight: 75
    - name: echo2
      kind: Service
      port: 80
      weight: 25
' | kubectl apply -f -
```

Now, accessing `/echo/hostname` should distribute around 75% of requests to `Service`
echo and around 25% of requests to `Service` echo2.

```bash

> $ curl http://kong.example/echo/hostname --resolve kong.example:80:$PROXY_IP
> echo2-7cb798f47-gh4xg%
> $ curl http://kong.example/echo/hostname --resolve kong.example:80:$PROXY_IP
> echo-658c5ff5ff-8cvgj%
> $ curl http://kong.example/echo/hostname --resolve kong.example:80:$PROXY_IP
> echo-658c5ff5ff-8cvgj%
> $ curl http://kong.example/echo/hostname --resolve kong.example:80:$PROXY_IP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl http://kong.example/echo/hostname --resolve kong.example:80:$PROXY_IP
echo2-7cb798f47-gh4xg%
curl http://kong.example/echo/hostname --resolve kong.example:80:$PROXY_IP
echo-658c5ff5ff-8cvgj%
curl http://kong.example/echo/hostname --resolve kong.example:80:$PROXY_IP
echo-658c5ff5ff-8cvgj%
curl http://kong.example/echo/hostname --resolve kong.example:80:$PROXY_IP
```
